





















"This comprehensive and thorough list of facts will help you to counter and win any vaccine debate. If an antivaxer is attacking you or making baseless/outlandish + unscientific claims, you can use this list of information to shut their arguments down immediately with facts:

\-**Vaccines are extremely safe**: in fact, *no serious adverse events* (besides injection site pain/erythema) have ever actually been proven.

\-Vaccine adverse events are notoriously **OVER** (not under!) reported. It is estimated by a Harvard study using data mining technology + VAERS reports that **adverse events are reported at 100x** (or more) the **rate that they actually occur.**

\-One study found that **97% of ""adverse events""** from vaccines are actually **nocebo effects** (like the placebo effect, people believe/imagine they are having symptoms due to fear/expectation)

\-Not **a single case of autism** has ever made it to higher courts, because the **autism + vaccine connection has an overwhelming amount of research debunking it.**

\-in 1986, vaccine manufacturers took **on increased liability** for their product to reassure the public of safety: this is because research has proven without doubt that vaccines are **incredibly safe.** Despite manufacture liability, vaccine manufactures have never actually needed to pay out any amount for any purported ""injury"" claims. The evidence is overwhelming to **debunk these claims.**

\-**Andrew Wakefield,** a public disgrace and conspiracist theorist with multiple agendas, is the **only physician or scientist** to have **ever published a medical paper criticizing vaccine safety**. His paper was later **retracted for fraud** and his licence **revoked**.

\-**Vaccine inserts** list events that occur normally in populations and **do NOT prove any causative association** between vaccines and these purported ""events"". If the events listed in vaccine inserts actually \*caused\* these effects, billions in personal injury lawsuits would be paid out --> which is *not* the case!

\-Unlike what antivaxers claim, it has been proven thoroughly that Gardasil is incredibly safe. The supposed ""injuries"" that circulate the internet in the form of horror stories can be explained psychologically by the phenomenon of mass psychogenic events, instigated by fear + the nocebo effect.

\-The MMR does not cause any adverse neurological events or damage in the brains of laboratory animals, even at doses higher than used in humans.

\-The cumulative effect of the entire vaccination schedule (72 doses in children by the age of 18 today, in 2020) has been completely and thoroughly investigated for safety, and no issues have been found.

\-Vaccines have rigorous long-term safety studies for all potential of carcinogenicity, fertility, and long-term health adverse effects, and no issues have been found.

\-Despite some ethical concerns raised, several vaccinated vs. unvaccinated studies have been conducted. It was found that vaccinated children have significantly lower rates of allergies, chronic health problems, and neurological issues.

\-Vaccines are thought to have a potential neuroprotective and anti-cancer effect, which is still being studied. It is suspected that vaccines may prevent infertility, dementia, and cancer, although further investigation is needed.

\-All clinical trials for vaccines use double-blinded trials with saline placebos, which is the gold standard in medical research.

\-The FDA has an independent taxpayer-funded committee to examine and analyze all raw data from vaccine clinical trials. Scientists and data analysts conducting this research have extensive background testing to ensure no conflicts of interest in any pharmaceutical company. This debunks the myth of ""conflict of interest"" regarding vaccine manufacturers funding their own safety studies for FDA/CDC approval.

\-There are comprehensive laws to prevent the myth of the “revolving door” phenomenon that anti-vaxers like to use as proof of government-pharmaceutical corruption. If a scientist/researcher who investigated vaccine safety has had any financial ties to a pharmaceutical company, they are disqualified from the vaccine approval committee. Similarly, once an individual has worked in the field of vaccine approval for the FDA/CDC, they are unable to accept positions as pharmaceutical-hired scientists. These laws prevent conflicts of interest between vaccine approval and pharmaceutical profit.

\-Studies of vaccinated vs unvaccinated infants have thoroughly refuted any claims linking vaccines to SIDS.

\-The USA has very high vaccination rates as well as one of the lowest rates of infant mortality in all developed nations.

\-France, which has a notoriously high rate of vaccine hesitancy, has higher rates of autism, SIDS, and chronic illnesses than other developed countries of similar socioeconomic structure.

\-Autism is “more prevalent” due to more advanced and specific diagnostic criteria. Once diagnostic criteria was established, people of older generations (age 50’s-80’s) were found to have nearly identical rates of autism to those of younger generations (age 40’s and under).

**Source: CDC, WHO, and FDA.**

If an antivaxer ever tries to argue with you about the safety of vaccines, this comprehensive list of facts will immediately shut down all their false claims and misunderstanding. Don’t let false information spread! Share this to anyone who needs to hear it.

TL;DR: FACTS to fight + win any antivax debate."

Vaccinate your kid guys. No more of this. ....no more,







"Vaccine products are a contentious topic in our current society, with everyone having a steadfast opinion on whether they are for it or against it. 

While neither are side will budge on their stance, it makes it all the more difficult for an average person to get an unbiased and helpful outlook towards vaccine products when they are on the fence on whether to get vaccinated, whether it’s for themselves or their children.

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/xr7rfn0zxda21.png?width=1024&format=png&auto=webp&s=64f980a97449d402f8f0d9b2d63bfab18dc93044

Many schools, as well as countries, are making it compulsory that individuals receive Vaccine products at regular intervals for protection against various miscellaneous diseases and infections. Many people, however, are still apprehensive about vaccination.

Before you allow your doctor to inject a concoction of chemicals into their body their bloodstreams you [should be aware of the pros and cons of the vaccine otherwise](https://www.seekandread.com/advantages-disadvantages-vaccinations/) vaccines can be very frightening.

They don’t wish to opt for vaccination without receiving ample information about what these chemicals constitute and whether or not they can have harmful side effects.

## What is a Vaccine?

Read more: [https://www.seekandread.com/5-products-you-should-have-before-you-get-your-next-vaccine/](https://www.seekandread.com/5-products-you-should-have-before-you-get-your-next-vaccine/)"


"I posted this on the antivaxxers too because I don’t know where it belongs.  

I guess i have many questions. 



Why is this mom excited about the chicken pox?



Is it not dangerous?



What do anti vaxxers believe that would make getting the chicken pox exciting?



My kids are both fully vaccinated (4 and 2 years old), are they protected?



My husband never got the chicken pox but got a vaccine when he was a kid, is he protected?



I am pregnant but had them as a kid, am i protected?



Arent your risk of getting shingles greatly increased if you have had the chicken pox?



If anti vaxxers get excited that your body builds natural immunity after having the disease, isnt that what vaccines do for your body except your never ""sick""?



Bonus, she posted about it and many moms commented how happy they are her and that they wish they were closer so they could go over. I was very confused and also didn't realized i knew this many moms that believed this lol.."

http://www.np.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/28vj90/only_18_confirmed_us_flu_deaths_in_2001_not_36000/





I am trying to seek advice on how to convince my friend to get the vaccine, she is extremely anti vaccination because she says that they do not know "long term effects" the vaccine might have. I feel quite hopeless as I am not a doctor and have not done much research into this, however I have tried to tell her that it is far better than the alternative which is being in the middle of an epidemic like there is in India at the moment. Any advice, articles or help you could give would be GREATLY appreciated.














"""Can any person say what may be the consequences of introducing a bestial humour into the human frame after a long lapse of years? Who knows beside, what ideas may rise, in the course of time, from a brutal fever having exercised its incongruous impression on the brain?  Who knows also, that the human character may undergo strange mutations from quadruped sympathy; and that some modern Pasiphae may rival the fables of old.""
Benjamin Moseley (early antivaxxer objecting to Jenner's use of cowpox in preventing smallpox infection. Pasiphae was a mythological being, half-cow, half-human).  Moseley seemed to be suggesting that giving people cowpox might turn them into cows.  The resemblance to modern anti-vaxxer rhetoric is striking. Moseley too suggests implausible outcomes and sets them in the distant future so their absence now won't invalidate his argument. Quote derives from 1853 issue of Lancet as quoted in Berman, Antivaxxers:How to challenge a misinformed movement"""
"Sorry if this is the wrong sub, but I don’t know where else to post this.

My dad is dying of congestive heart failure. He has temporary home healthcare due to procedures he just had done on his heart, and the latest nurse shared that she believes in the autism-vaccine link as well as “bad chemicals hurting people”, and she agrees with her daughter about delaying vaccines for the grandkids. My dad is also anti-vax. I brought up vaccines hoping that she could talk some sense into my dad about getting a pneumonia vaccine but instead ran into this baffling BS. It’s so frustrating. My dad is already hard headed enough. 

I’m starting to get frustrated with nurses and PAs stepping on doctors’ orders after talking to my dad for less than 30 minutes and taking a brief history. The last PA he saw also cleared him to stop taking one of his heart failure medications that his cardiologist prescribed. We had to badger him into taking his meds after that. I can only hope his cardiologist talked some sense into him today."


"I'm 49, and just had a Measles titre. I have no antibodies left from my childhood immunization, and therefore must be re-inoculated. 

I also found out that a titre on my Chicken pox vaccination from 15 years ago, I'm left without any antibodies either. I've never had Chickenpox. 

Why has the media not caught on to the concept that the resurgence may not just be about anti-vaxxers? It might seem that a good deal of this might have to do with us older Americans running out of antibodies."
I'm compiling evidence against a website, www.learntherisk.org, to educate some antivax friends on vaccines.






"Is it more likely that Corona and other viruses like SARS, Avian and ZIKA

are man-made diseases implanted through vaccinations years in advance inadvertantly 

that are triggered when common diseases infect the contaminated cells?

_ can blind faith in medical practices and practioners be our ultimate demise."
Is there anywhere/any subs where anti-vaxxers and pro-van people can talk in good faith? I’m trying to understand their arguments and rationales but I’m really not into online arguments.




"Hello hello people,
Yesterday I just got my first corona vacation shot. 
What do you think If I drink some beers ? 
Anyone knows if it somehow can kill me ?
Cheers !"



Dihydrogen monoxide is a deadly chemical that causes excess sweating, urination, and even death!! Read the ingredients people!!!
"Do you ever wonder why we are given an experimental drug that injects unknown synthetic RNA for the first time ever into billions of people? It's not even approved by the FDA and pays no regard to previous laws and regulations put in place to avoid this level of dangerous and deadly unknowns.

Watch our show with Celeste Solum at  [https://uimedianetwork.org/en/playing/beyond-the-vaccine-with-celeste-solum](https://uimedianetwork.org/en/playing/beyond-the-vaccine-with-celeste-solum)"







"Not sure if the sub allows this but I need to vent and need some sanity right now... 

So I posted in a parenting group on FB how my 18.5 week old has been quieter for the past couple of days. Nothing major I was just wondering if it's a normal part of development. 

Anyway so the majority of comments were delightful and reassuring but then I get one ""any recent vaccines""? And ""has he been vaxxed recently""? Damn I thought... Responded that yes he had a couple almost 3 weeks ago. Cue the sad reacts, angry reacts, comments ""his behaviour is definitely vaccine related"", ""you're poisoning your baby"", ""he's definitely acting weird because of the vaccines"" etc. Plus several unsolicited DMs stating how I'm poisoning and damaging my baby by vaccinating him and trying to sell me spray (I kid you not) to 'detox his skin from the metals'. Honestly I was shocked and just ignored it until people tried to do power moves ""I'm a pediatric nurse who sees this all the time in vaccinated babies"" and then I started defending myself and asking people to remain respectful and stick to the topic at hand. Tried to get some science in there (many laugh reacts in response) but I know there often futile. Honestly there were tens of people on this thread saying ""I came here to say the same thing"" etc. 

So I turn off commenting and edit to say thanks mostly to everyone but not the space for anti-vax opinion so closing comments. THEN I get a fricken message from the fricken admins saying I was being unkind by calling people OVERTLY AGAINST VACCINES anti-vaxxers and that I should either edit my post or delete it. Are you KIDDING me??? Someone literally said I was going to kill my baby and that he needs a detox (from a fricken spray bottle) and I'M being unkind?! Not to mention the thread full of misinformation and links to dodgy websites like whats in the leaflet or whatever it's called. 

Honestly I was so angry that out of all the thousands of things that could have affected my baby's behaviour some people jumped on the vaccines that he had 3 weeks ago, but that message from the admins really was the last straw - I was 'breaking the rules by being unkind' simply by defending my choice to vaccinate and asking people to remain respectful and stick to the topic. 

I'm just raging. I hate that people like this exist and I hate that there is so much distrust in the world I can't ask a simple question without it turning into some anti vax propaganda and a personal attack. I'm so worried for the future generations if kids are being brought up like this. 

That's it. Thanks for listening. Screw AVs."
This article says it all! [https://scienceandsarcasm.org/spilling-the-tea-on-vaccines/](https://scienceandsarcasm.org/spilling-the-tea-on-vaccines/)











"I bet the local health departments (who promote vaccinations) would be more than happy to cooperate in having random and repeated inspections of all Brinker properties...

Please tweet or contact Chili's on Facebook to let them know your opinion"



"Please look at the official Vaers records to make a better informed decision.

https://www.openvaers.com/covid-data

Thank you."




"Dear all,

We have prepared a short #survey, where you can express your opinion about the #COVID19Vaccine #CoronaVaccine.

If you are living in the #USA, we will be grateful if you will participate and share:
[COVID19 Vaccination survey](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=IYhnPFB3o0eTfyZhQ5q7eqGjfqSLSvhBqoV3r-scx2hUNkZGQlpBRDNMWTdTU1I0QUhESjhNWURPNC4u)

#COVID19 #vaccine #vaccination #coronavirus #pandemic #covid #research #publichealth #health #medicine #covid19insights

Thanks for taking and sharing this survey!

The Investigators

Prof. Abraham Seidmann, Boston University, Boston, MA, USA,
Dr. Arriel Benis and Prof. Shai Ashkenazi, Holon Institute of Technology, Tel-Aviv, Israel"



"First of all, to not give your child vaccinations is completely illegal. Secondly, the fact that vaccines cause things like autism is bull crap. Autism is a condition that happens at birth. While the exact cause of autism is unknown, there is no scientific evidence that states vaccinations cause autism. Lastly, vaccinations contain very weak forms of the virus the vaccination protects you against. Your body produces white blood cells to fight against these forms and produces the right antibodies for it. So if it ever got back into your body, you have the antibodies ready. 
Sincerely, 
MY816

Edit: Jesus I made this to make a point. Not to start fucking world war 3 in the comments"


After you get a live vaccine do you need to stay away from elderly / newborns / immunocompromised? I can't find any solid studies that show vaccines can spread disease. In fact, all I can find are studies debunking this. But sources say *in theory* it could happen. So just curious if anyone has better info or links to help me out
"I am of the mind to report social media groups that identify as anti-vaxxers as dangerous and miss-leading. 

Whether it’s a YouTube video or a Facebook Page, etc. 

My thinking is that such groups simply become more and more influential through confirmation bias and thus promote more people towards dangerous actions. 

When you visit these groups the degree of critical thinking and criticism drops because every statement no matter how ridiculous reinforces the same misleading theme that vaccines are bad. 

So now the claims are not just vaccines cause autism, it’s vaccines cause cancer, diabetes, Down syndrome, depression, genetic mutations, and so forth. 

And yes I have read all these ridiculous claims made by anti-vaxxers. 

The evolving implied insanity is becoming that vaccines cause disease! 

My thought is that these anti-vaxxers do not deserve a social media platform to further nurture their growing ignorance. 

I encourage everyone to report all anti-vaxxers social media groups as ‘misleading’ and ‘potentials dangerous.’ 

Because there actions affect us, not just them!"


It’s true!












You guys don't know the impact this will cause to children. They will be damaged for life, believing they are unsafe in a land of lawless, ruthless scummy terrorists you call medical professionals. This is literally 1984, yet you sheeple call it 2021! What will help is natural medicines, and organic food. It causes cancer. Wake the hell up, know your facts.





"When reading the ingredients that are in vaccines, it is understanding why many parents want to avoid preservatives with names like aluminum hydroxide and  formaldehyde. But without those preservatives, vaccines will have a very short shelf life and then afterward inefficient.  Parents may question if that's enough reason to expose their children to poison. I wanted to reassure and inform that those ingredients are harmless, despite its name and known uses, because of its dosage.

Anything in the world can act as a poison or be completely harmless depending on the dosage. So just because something sounds good or bad doesn't mean that any dosage of it remains so. For example, too much vitamin A can actually poison you and damage your liver.

Here is a list of some ingredients in vaccines and their dosage, as well as some usages:

* Aluminum hydroxide: Used as a adjuvant (helps with efficacy of vaccine) in the DTap (0.625 mg). Also used antacids and in infant formula (0.225 mg per liter).
* Formaldehyde: Prevent growth of harmful bacteria in vaccine. All vaccine combined has 1.2 mg of it, while 1 kg of bananas has 16.3 mg.
* Monosodium Glutamate: Help preserve vaccines and used as a flavor enhancer. Some flu vaccines contain 0.188 mg of MSG, while grape juice can contain 0.258 mg per 100 grams.
* Sodium Chloride: Another name for salt and some vaccine have them to keep them in a state that will not badly affect the cells.
* Sorbitol: Preservative, found naturally in fruits, and also used a sweetener in sugar-free products. MMR vaccine has 15 mg and 1 stick of sugar-free gum has 1.25 g."
"Everyone knows that mercury is harmful of the body as it is classified as a neurotoxin. So the thought of thimerosal being injected into our children and our bodies is concerning, since it does contain some mercury.

But mercury has different forms. The one that is dangerous is methylmercury. In terms of chemistry, it is the combination of a mercury atom to one carbon atom. It is known to be very dangerous to all living beings. Out of all forms of mercury, methylmercury is absorbed the easily and can even cross the blood brain barrier. Since, there are tiny tiny doses of it in contaminated food, like fish, which is why pregnant women are told to avoid seafood.

I wanted to clarify that methylmercury was never used in vaccines. While thimerosal does have mercury, it is not methylmercury. It is ethlymercury.

Ethlymercury has two carbon atoms, instead of one, which drastically changes its properties and abilities. Due to its size, it's hard for it to cross the blood brain barrier and it's quickly excreted.

Despite this, in 2002, thimerosal was removed from nearly all vaccines due to, not under the prove that it is harmful, but the idea that is has the potential for harm from the general public. This might have been due because of an article called ""Autism: A Novel Form of Mercury Poisoning"" . It was published by a group of parents in the 2001 that linked autism to mercury poisoning and the thimerosal was to blame. This article was not reviewed by any medical or scientific professionals, but it stirred up the public enough for the preservative to be removed."


https://youtu.be/zBkVCpbNnkU









"Currently having a conversation on facebook with a woman who is a total antivaxer. 
Her friend has just dropped this PDF on me with its supposed 1000 peer reviewed papers proving the autism link.

Googling isnt bringing much up about the legitimacy of it and because its facebook I dont want to invest too much time reading 1000 pages, Which I suspect is her way of shutting me down.

Has anyone seen this before?

http://vaccine-injury.info/pdf/vaccinepeerreview.pdf
"






"So I posted something in the comments of a news article trying to explain how babies are exposed to way more antigens daily than are in the entire childhood vaccine schedule  and that our immune systems respond to vaccines the same way and some anti-vax mom commented saying 
“Actually, no. The immune system doesn't respond the same way. There is T1/T2 skew and T1/T17 skew as well as humoral vs cellular immunity to consider based upon the immune system's first contact with the pathogen.”
I’m not quite sure what she’s talking about or how to respond with facts. I prefer to try to educate rather than just go “you’re wrong” even though I know psychologically it probably won’t change anyone’s mind. I did find this link talking about vaccines: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3238379/ 
Still I don’t know how to respond when I have no idea what she’s talking about "


"
In 1933, Dr. Arthur W. Hedrich, a health officer in Chicago, IL observed that during 1900-1930, outbreaks of measles in Boston, MA appeared to be suppressed when 68% of the children contracted the virus.3 Subsequently in the 1930s, Dr. Hedrich observed that after 55% of the child population of Baltimore, MD acquired measles, the rest of the population appeared to be protected. It was that observation that formed the basis for mass vaccination campaigns.4

When the mass vaccination campaign for measles in the U.S. began in earnest in the mid-1960s, the U.S. Public Health Service planned to vaccinate over 55% (based on the Baltimore observation) of the U.S. population, and it announced that it fully expected to eradicate measles by 1967. When that didn’t happen, the Public Health Service came up with vaccination rate figures of 70-75% as the way to ensure herd immunity. When eradication was still not achieved at those rates, public health officials jacked up the rates to 80%, 83%, 85%, and ultimately to 90%.

The process by which the decisions to raise the rates is unclear. Was it based on some scientific methodology or assumptions? Or were the decisions simply made because officials felt pressure to fulfill their promises to fully eradicate measles? Did they ever consider pausing and re-evaluating the original premise behind the theory of herd immunity? Or did they trudge on, arbitrarily raising the bar?

Now the rate is up to 95% to achieve herd immunity. But as we see with the continual outbreaks, even at 95% we still do not have full immunity. In China, the vaccination rates are even higher—99%. But there are also still measles outbreaks there.  So is the answer 100%? And what if at 100% you still get outbreaks? We’ve gone from herd immunity supposedly achieved at 55% to herd immunity that is clearly not achieved even at 95%. At what point will public health officials have to confront the possibility that herd immunity may not be the best theory on which to base vaccination policy?

3 - Hedrich AW. Estimates of the child population susceptible to measles, 1900-1930. Am. J. Hyg. 17:613-630.

4 - Oxford Journals. Monthly Estimates of the Child Population “Susceptible” to Measles, 1900-1931. Baltimore, MD. Am. J. Epidemiol.17(3):613-636.

5 - Ji S. Why Is China Having Measles Outbreaks When 99% Are Vaccinated?. GreenMedInfo.com Sept. 20, 2014
"
















"my mom gave me a vaccine at 7 and I almost died and I saw jesus and he told me 
""Child you are a moron""
And since then I pee sitting and poo poo standing"




"**”…the company knew there was asbestos in products aimed at mothers and babies, knew of the potential harm and “misrepresented the safety of these products for decades.”** https://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory/johnson-johnson-asks-high-court-void-2b-talc-77997067

**Johnson & Johnson to pay $2.2 billion to end U.S. drug probes**
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-jnj-settlement/johnson-johnson-said-to-pay-2-2-billion-to-end-u-s-marketing-probes-idUSBRE9A30MM20131104

**$750 million: Johnson & Johnson ordered to pay in baby powder case**
https://www.daytondailynews.com/news/national/750-million-johnson-johnson-ordered-pay-baby-powder-case/UXrlMgzhabcri6eym3bsGP/

**Johnson & Johnson to pay $572m for fueling Oklahoma opioid crisis, judge rules**
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/aug/26/johnson-and-johnson-opioid-crisis-ruling-responsibility-oklahoma-latest

**Johnson & Johnson settles Ohio lawsuits to avoid federal trial**
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-johnson-johnson-opioid-ohio-idUSKBN1WH00F

**J&J unit to pay $360 million to U.S. to resolve charity kickback probe**
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-johnson-johnson-settlement-idUSKBN1O51XB"





















So my question is do getting vaccines boost your overall immune system and helping fight off diseases, bacterial infections, and viruses?

For the sake of argument, let's assume that world government, Bill Gates or whoever else is "really running things" wants to secretly monitor the population. They already have the means to do this and most people voluntarily carry it around in our pockets. Smartphones can track not only your location but also your internet activity and your conversations. There would be nothing to be gained from the supposed microchip








"Sorry, promise I'm not attention seeking when I say some of this, it is relevant...

I was in a horrendous RTA 3 years ago, in which I sustained a fractured skull, bruised lung, lacerated scalp and two brain injuries. As a result I was in an induced coma for two weeks and only started being minimally aware after 5 months, in hospital for 13.

I only started learning of the anti-vaxx movement 6 months ago. And I just don't quite understand...

How are people THAT stupid? To think that vaccines are, in essence, ""BAD?"" I don't even care what retaliation I get from anti-vaxxers. They can say anything they want if they are really that idiotic!"










Although I don't believe this to be true about the COVID-19 vaccine, this recent conspiracy theory has got me thinking about this, can this even work? Wouldn't a tracker require a battery source? Would a microchip fit into a syringe?
My sister and I both got the Moderna vaccine (both doses) from the same lots on the same days.  I am 57; she is 55.  I had almost no side effects from either dose.  My sister had fever of 102 and felt like she’d been run over by a truck after her 2nd dose.  Does this mean my pre-existing immune system started out stronger and didn’t need to work as hard to mount a defense as my sister’s?  Or does this mean my sister built up better immunity to COVID than I did since her body mounted a stronger response to the vaccine ?
This might be a stupid question, and forgive me but I would very much like to know. My daughter is 2, up to date on vaccines, no underlying health issues. Is she fully protected from the diseases she is vaccinated for? Do I need to worry about if she is around unvaccinated children? I don’t know all of the vaccine arguments and debates, but I do know I believe in them and they save lives. Any info would be appreciated

Novel Coronavirus is a big threat to the world and all the doctors are trying to make the vaccine of COVID-19. But there is no such dedicated and preventive [coronavirus vaccine](https://lifestyleheart.com/is-there-any-vaccine-available-for-coronavirus-covid-19/) is available in the world medical centers.












"I got the J&J vaccine about 40 days ago in their phase 3 trial and don’t have any problems after some initial minor nerve pains in my legs.  They closed the one shot trial but have a 2 shot trial still open so my wife got in that one and her first shot is in a few days so I’m hoping she gets the vaccine also and not the placebo.  

I looked at it as a way to get a vaccine earlier and it worked.  But if I got the placebo, they said we would get the vaccine once it is approved so again I would’ve gotten it earlier.  Or I could take another vaccine if one became available.

My goal was to avoid catching COVID and get a vaccine.

So these phase 3 trials from J&J and other companies are a way to get a chance to get a vaccine early."






"&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/der9arzr34f51.png?width=702&format=png&auto=webp&s=11b00743183670fbdda1773c6ae8dda5dd2ce5bc"



"Hey all

I was wondering if someone knew the affects of magnetic therapy and covid vaccines? 

My mother likes to get magnet therapy every so often. I personally don’t believe in it but she does. 

She recently got her first shot of Pfizer about 2 weeks ago and will get her 2nd shot in a few months. 

She’s thinking of going to get another magnet therapy session soon. 

Is there any risk if she does do it? Like would it affect the vaccine currently inside her?"
"The Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) strongly opposes federal interference in medical decisions, including mandated vaccines.

IwAR14tPRiZV1l6KSINFXguIacuJBr68XytbAnxGDNYhGw1q_jjiCkCH_QLBQ"










"My mother is adamantly an anti-vaxxer and I've been in many discussions , most heated, about vaccines. I've learned not to challenge her on it because it's gotten me nowhere but she views my beliefs as a personal attack on her directly. She runs a supplements company and has traveled the world teaching about the dangers of vaccines and how it caused my youngest brother to get autism. It's actually the entire basis of why she's a Trump supporter because of his stance on the issue, but that's another issue entirely.

 I know the basis of the argument for vaccines (herd-immunity, diseases are worse etc) but our discussions always boil down to sources and generally what or who to believe. She has the assumption that all CDC sympathetic media or articles are in the pockets of big pharma so they can make all their profits through vaccines. I anticipate this being the crux of the argument following this movie. I don't believe I will break through to her but I do hope to get a better understanding of the issue before I go into 2 hours of full propaganda, then to be bombarded with questions. 

Here's a link of a bunch of articles she views as ""proof"" of what she believes:

http://vaccinepapers.org/

 I've gone through most of it and don't really know what to make of them. There's a lot of prefacing for the studies that are mentioned but like I said, I'm no expert. What do some of you make of these links and/or what valuable information can you give me before going to see ""VAXXED""?

Edit: So I went to see the movie and most of it isn't about what you think. Rather it's about the CDC coverup of the study that showed correlation between autism and the MMR. It's actually really compelling on that front and I urge those of you to go and watch it for yourselves and then come back to discuss what you saw. Don't just take my word for it."



"She's a little bit of a conspiracy nut and is super into homeopathy, but she also has a Ph.D. and has written books, so the usual idiocy isn't on display (at least rhetorically). If everything she claims in this post is true, then vaccines are the devil. I know that's not the case, but I'm not knowledgeable enough to refute most of her points, so I was wondering if any of you were.

Here's the post:

""Contrary to the view that non-vaccinators are uneducated fools duped by conspiracy theories, most have taken the time to study the scientific data that show most vaccinations not to be worth the risk. Even the Supreme Court has deemed vaccination to be ""unavoidably unsafe"".
Are you aware that, by law, the CDC sponsors a vaccine injury database called VAERS -- the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System. According to VAERS data, over the past 10 years alone, 26,793 people have been hospitalized with vaccine injuries and 2,081 have died. Did you know that 162 young people, mostly healthy teenage girls, have now died after receiving the HPV vaccine?
Did you know that, in exchange for granting legal immunity to vaccine manufacturers, the US government sponsors a vaccine court that awards compensation to families with vaccine-injured children? This court has paid out billions of dollars to families, including for children whose autism was deemed to have been caused by vaccination. Did you know that a 2005 FDA report on the Tripedia DTP vaccine listed many neurological problems as potential side effects, including autism?
Did you know that one of the key studies that supposedly exonerated vaccines from causing autism was authored by Poul Thorsen, now a fugitive wanted for money laundering and fraud? And that, in contrast to what is constantly repeated in the media, there are dozens of studies implicating vaccines as playing a role in causing autism, as well as many other neurological and chronic diseases, including Type 1 diabetes (also on the rise in children)? Did you know that a 2011 study in Germany that compared vaccinated versus unvaccinated populations found unvaccinated children to be far more healthy, with much lower rates of asthma, allergies, ear infections, epilepsy, gluten sensitivities, GERD, anxiety and depression, autism, and dyslexia?
Did you know that a growing number of physicians and immunologists are admitting that vaccination may not be worth the risk? They point out that, in an effort to avoid the childhood diseases (which only 60 years ago were considered beneficial because they triggered true immunity and spurts in child development), we may be causing an increase in chronic disease and a form of disease immunity that is not as strong and longlasting? Did you know that recent outbreaks of childhood diseases among vaccinated children is not due to their ""contamination"" by unvaccinated children or due to loss of so-called ""herd immunity"", but rather, is usually occurring in completely vaccinated populations because their artificial immunity is waning?
Please understand. Parents who wish to forego vaccination for their children are not asking that others follow their lead. They simply want to be permitted to follow their beliefs and not be forced to administer these drugs to their children. Indeed, many of these families already have a vaccine-injured child. Each year, the extremely powerful vaccine industry sponsors media campaigns (like the one we are currently experiencing) whose ultimately goal is to force everyone to become their customers. As a society, we must preserve our human right not to be forceably injected and medicated against our will."""
Are there really? Can someone explain to me why this scare started and give sources that suggest otherwise?
"My 67 year old father (65 kgs, has hypertension, type two diabetes) has been inoculated with the inactivated sinovac COVID-19 Vaccine (both doses). He is not overweight and exercises regularly. We had to get him inoculated due to the increasing virus transmission rate as well as the easy access to the Chinese sinovac vaccines in our country. 

However, recently out country introduced the Pfizer vaccine and opened up access to elderly people. I would like my dad to get vaccinated with Pfizer vaccine as well as I trust it more that the sinovac vaccine, due to the level of peer reviewed research published on the former candidate. 

Please advise on if he is able to take the Pfizer vaccine as well. If so, please advise how long of a gap should he keep between the last dose of the Sinovac vaccine and the first dose of the Pfizer vaccine. 

P.S. After inoculation of the Sinovac vaccine, my father did not experience and adverse effects or experience any side effects."
Hey all, on my podcast we will be discussing vaccinations on an upcoming episode and I will be helming the pro vaccination discussion. I don’t want to come across brash by just taking the stance of ‘you’re a moron if you don’t get your kids vaccinated’ rather I would like to have plenty of facts and information to back myself up. So if you have any of that, please feel free to link whatever you’d like. 
Hey all, on my podcast we will be discussing vaccinations on an upcoming episode and I will be helming the pro vaccination discussion. I don’t want to come across brash by just taking the stance of ‘you’re a moron if you don’t get your kids vaccinated’ rather I would like to have plenty of facts and information to back myself up. So if you have any of that, please feel free to link whatever you’d like. 
"and yet...
https://www.cdc.gov/flu/protect/vaccine/thimerosal.htm

""Flu vaccines in multi-dose vials contain thimerosal to safeguard against contamination of the vial. Most single-dose vials and pre-filled syringes of flu shot and the nasal spray flu vaccine do not contain a preservative because they are intended to be used once."""
"The 1 in 1000 fatality rate from measles is a known calculation error by the CDC. 

It's actually closer to 1 in 10,000 or 0.01% of cases. 

To put it in perspective, 1 in 10,000 is the same probability of getting struck by lightning in your lifetime. (Howstuffworks.com) 

Proof: https://physiciansforinformedconsent.org/critical-calculation-error-in-background-information-for-hearing-on-vaccines-save-lives-what-is-driving-preventable-disease-outbreaks-on-march-5-2019/

Prior to the introduction of the measles vaccine in 1963, “there were an estimated 3 to 4 million people infected with measles in the United States, and as many as 500 related deaths each year,” which is correct. However, this computes to a number of deaths which, at most, is one in 6,000 (3,000,000 divided by 500). More precisely, between 1959 and 1962, about 400 measles deaths occurred among about 4,000,000 measles cases, which results in a one in 10,000 (0.01%) chance of a child dying from measles, not one in 500 or one in 1,000. By comparison, over 23,000 infant deaths occur every year in the U.S. and thus the chance of a child dying in his or her first year of life is currently one in 170 (0.6%)—this is 60 times the risk of a child dying from measles in 1962, a time period when almost every child had measles by age 15.

The reason this calculation error unfortunately commonly occurs is because the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) publishes case-fatality rates based on the number of reported cases only. And, since it is estimated that nearly 90% of measles cases are benign and therefore not reported to the CDC, the widely publicized measles case-fatality rate is a 10-fold miscalculation. Such an error has grave public health consequences. 

1 in 10,000 lightning strike odds:
https://health.howstuffworks.com/diseases-conditions/death-dying/odds-of-death.htm

"



"Hi all.

They’re saying things like double-blind studies and aluminium and have provided sources and stuff but I don’t know how to combat that and I most CERTAINLY don’t want to walk away from this with a little bit of doubt about vaccines, just because I didn’t know enough to hold a discussion about it, but I also don’t want to cling to a belief even when I’m presented with good evidence. Problem is, I don’t know if it’s good bloody evidence!

Where can I get sources? Would anybody who knows more about the subject matter like to ‘casually’ step in to the argument? I feel like an audience member in a debate and I’ve just been made to take part!"



There is a new subreddit for calling out conspiracy theorists and their lies.  It's /r/conspirawhiners.
They seem to be pushing a mandatory vaccination for COVID-19. There also seems to be several side effects and even a few deaths due to the vaccination. If I don’t have health insurance and I don’t qualify for Medicaid will I be covered if I have adverse side effects from the shot?
The fact that human society is continually being referred to in the media as a "herd," as though we were just a bunch of animals, is, at the base level, ominous.



"Hello people!

I am trying to find studies that show no causation/correlation between absolutely non-vaccinated vs fully vaxxed children and the ratio to autism in both groups (not just MMR, I mean non vaxxed at all).  Or simply the ratio between those that have autism but have 0 vaccines on them. This would be the nail-in-the-coffin for my wife to show her, ""Lady, here you go"".  The problem is that everything I find so far is only focusing on MMR/Rubella shots... which is kind a lame because is still comparing vaxxed vs vaxxed, just ones have not had the MMR shot yet...

Can anyone point me to something like this?

Thanks in advance!"








"


And I'm completely fine, do some research lol."



"No judgement please. Serious replies would be appreciated.

I’m in my early 30s and healthy. Had Covid months ago and recovered quickly. Held out on getting the vaccine because I didn’t think it was necessary and am skeptical only for the little time it’s been in circulation. I’m not anti-vax and do believe they are generally smart/helpful, however, I do believe any medical act should be a personal choice, and since I was not yet comfortable making that choice, I’ve been getting tested weekly for work.

Now the vaccine is mandatory for my job, and since I cannot be without work, I’ll be getting vaccinated this week. I’m not happy about it, but at this point it’s interfering with work and enjoying live music in my life, so I’ll play good.

My partner is very scared, as she believes (from people, social, and articles) that the vaccine can cause infertility through shedding just by having physical contact with me. That’s probably ridiculous to everyone (because it is to me), but I respect her, and I respect her thoughts and beliefs, so I don’t want to just discredit her with a “you’re being ridiculous statement”. This obviously isn’t a true statement, but I can’t find an easy explanation (other than “myths: FALSE!” or just saying it doesn’t happen) to why this thought isn’t plausible that she can understand.

What’s the correct explanation to why this shouldn’t be a concern?"


"I am. 50+ male. I recently had to get a new round of vaccinations. The university I’m getting my masters at required it. I question having to be forced as a 50+ year old to re vaccinate. That is not my question though

My question is...a month after getting mumps / rubella I believe it was a total of 3 shots. I got shingles.  As it child I don’t remember having chicken pox.  My siblings don’t remember either

I don’t have any views about vaccines and their connection to anything other that making us healthier n general. Not look for conspiracy thoughts please.

Does it make sense that I would get shingles after getting shots? 

Btw I did not get vaccinated against shingles.

Any thought would be appreciated"
"Hi, 

Just sharing my experience with the Pfizer Biontech 2nd dose covid vaccine.

I received my 2nd shot yesterday around 630pm. This morning started like any other. I woke up at 630am, had my bkst, rode my bike up signal hill CA like I alway do, came back tobest, and all was peachy, around 1 pm, I felt extremely tired and bruised, my head started aching and I feel like I have a cold. Not trying to scare anyone,  just plan your 2nd shot ahead of time."
"Made for the lay public. [https://scienceandsarcasm.org/spilling-the-tea-on-vaccines/](https://scienceandsarcasm.org/spilling-the-tea-on-vaccines/)

Discusses vaccines and other topics.

Great if you love sarcasm. And please share if you love it (or even if you hate it)."
"We aren't literally giving him measles just letting him know we don't like him or his ideas. I'd appreciate it if you could help me get this going! Thanks.


https://www.change.org/p/media-vaxxed-com-give-andrew-wakefield-the-measles?recruiter=248828706&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink&utm_campaign=share_petition"





"Humanity does not live in reality, but rather, in sub-reality. People spend most of their time denying the truth, not seeing things for what they actually are. Initially, their intuition may give them the correct interpretation of something. But then, their social conditioning overrides their intuition, molding that thing into what society wants them to think it is. Thus, they are not able to think for themselves or interpret reality correctly.

In other words, ""reality"" is what actually exists and what is actually going on, as opposed to the façade that society has placed over what actually exists and what is actually going on; nor is reality how one interprets something when in a state of psychological denial.

For example, when it comes to the government informing the public about something, most people simply assume that their government is telling them the truth. But, IN REALITY, these people have absolutely no idea what is actually going on, and do not want to admit such an obvious fact to themselves! In society, critical issues, such as what the government is really doing behind the scenes, are simply blown off as being non-issues. Very convenient indeed."
"I am 
⚪️ single 
⚪️ taken 
🔘 vaccinated "






"It may or may not be this.

It could simply mean ""they do cause autism, and this is an issue, it doesn't mean vaccines must be taken off schedule right now. or ever, but it must be talked about.""

So if anyone does claim they do, just remember, that they are only claiming one thing. Not anything else."


Hello, I have a friend pregnant with her first baby and she's afraid of vaccinating her baby, however she just seems to have seen only one or two videos and might be swayed. I'm not good at finding good links and resources. If ylu guys would help that would be bomb. I dunno if she believes the autism thing but to cover the major myths I think would be good to start? Km not good at reddit so if there's a thread I should read a link will be greatly appreciated. Thank you!






"A propósito de los comentarios que he leído y escuchado sobre las vacunas para el COVID19, pero sobre todo de la vacuna rusa Sputnik V, me he dado a la tarea de estudiar algunos textos científicos y hacer una compilación de los mismos para hacerlos de su conocimiento, a continuación les comparto

**SOBRE LA VACUNA RUSA SPUTNIK V**  
The Lancet, una de las revistas médicas más prestigiosas del mundo, publicó los resultados de los ensayos de la primera y la segunda fase de la vacuna rusa SPUTNIK V, que demostraron lo siguiente:

1. La plataforma de vectores adenovirales humanos es eficaz, a pesar de las preocupaciones por la posibilidad de una inmunidad preexistente a los adenovirus.

2. Se seleccionó la dosis segura óptima que permitió lograr una respuesta inmunitaria humoral y celular en el 100 % de los participantes, incluso en aquellos que habían tenido una infección con adenovirus.

3. El uso de dos vectores diferentes permite lograr una respuesta inmune más efectiva.

4. El nivel de anticuerpos contra el SARS-CoV-2 en voluntarios vacunados con Sputnik V fue entre 1,4 y 1,5 veces más alto que el nivel de anticuerpos en los pacientes que se habían recuperado del covid-19.

5. Tiene una eficacia de 91.4 por ciento contra el virus SARS-CoV-2, y de 100 por ciento para evitar los cuadros graves de la enfermedad Covid-19.

Al mismo tiempo, no se encontraron eventos adversos graves en los vacunados con Sputnik V, mientras que para otras vacunas, este parámetro oscila entre el 1 y el 25 por ciento.

Varias otras empresas están utilizando también plataformas basadas en vectores adenovirales humanos para sus vacunas contra el covid-19, como por ejemplo Johnson & Johnson, que usa el vector Ad26, y la china CanSino, que emplea el Ad5 mientras que la Rusa SPUTNIK V utiliza dos vectores adenovirales, el Ad5 y el Ad26.

Vale la pena mencionar que las plataformas para vacunas que usan otros países, como el vector de adenovirus de chimpancé (OXFORD-ASTRA ZENECA, quienes por cierto están estudiando la posibilidad de aplicar de manera conjunta su vacuna y la SPUTNIK V para incrementar su efectividad) o la tecnología de ARN (PFIZER-BIONTECH), nunca antes habían sido utilizadas en vacunas que hayan pasado la FASE 3. Tampoco han sido sometidas a estudios a largo plazo sobre sus posibles efectos secundarios en el cuerpo humano, como por ejemplo los riesgos de desarrollar complicaciones relacionadas con el cáncer o sus efectos sobre la fertilidad.

**Las vacunas de ARN mensajero (PFIZER-BIONTECH-MODERNA).**  
La mayor preocupación con este tipo de vacunas ha sido su inestabilidad, su baja eficiencia para introducirlas en las células y que expresen el antígeno. También ha preocupado el hecho de que el ARN puede estimular reacciones inmunológicas de tipo inflamatorio, por lo que todos estos factores han limitado en parte su desarrollo. El ARN es una molécula muy inestable que requiere condiciones de mantenimiento extremas (de menos 80℃), se degrada muy fácilmente por enzimas y no se internaliza de forma eficiente.

Sin embargo, esta tecnología también tiene ventajas. Es relativamente más barata que otro tipo de vacunas y, sobre todo, permite diseñar una vacuna nueva en un tiempo récord. Una vez que se conoce el genoma del patógeno, en unas semanas se pueden producir los primeros prototipos vacunales, lo que la convierte en una excelente herramienta cuando aparece un patógeno nuevo para el que se necesita una vacuna con urgencia, como en una pandemia. En este caso, la rapidez es un beneficio mayor que el problema de su inestabilidad. Moderna fue capaz de diseñar su vacuna de ARNm contra SARS-CoV-2 tan solo seis semanas después de que el genoma del virus se hiciera público.

**MI OPINIÓN.**  
Por un lado la vacuna rusa aprovecha los modelos de vacunas ya probados, innova en el sentido de usar dos vectores en lugar de uno solo. Es un modelo que, si bien no tiene la efectividad que manifiestan en las vacunas de ARN mensajero, es más segura en términos de efectos secundarios adversos e igual de efectiva que la vacunas que todos conocemos hasta ahora y que nos hemos aplicado.

Por el otro lado Pfizer y otras le apuestan al futuro y a lo económico, puede que en esta ocasión tengan tropezones pero el avance que van a lograr es un ahorro en años de investigación, aún así, como el resto de las vacunas, el reto será que en el mediano y largo plazo resulten eficaces y que sus efectos adversos sean mínimos para poder compararlas con el modelo tradicional de vacunas que, guste o no a políticos y villamelones, es eficaz y seguro.

**¿CONCLUSIÓN?**  
Me encuentro optimista, las vacunas contra el COVID19 comentadas en este texto han demostrado científicamente que podemos seguir confiando en la ciencia para resolver y prevenir problemas de salud como las pandemias. La competencia entre científicos es sana y provoca desarrollos alternativos, lo que nos permite tener varias respuestas a un mismo problema y con ello se abran posibilidades para tomar decisiones que, de acuerdo a cada país, pueden ser más adecuadas para cada uno.   

¿Guerra fría en pleno siglo XXI?

FUENTES.  
1. [https://www.thelancet.com/.../PIIS0140-6736(20.../fulltext](https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(20)31866-3/fulltext?fbclid=IwAR0VjZBvuesks49C8K0qoaIN6Bp3kelYldFvPe_y2QJ7ydNHCFXG97UYpoY)

2. [https://theconversation.com/vacunas-de-arnm-un-mensaje-de...](https://theconversation.com/vacunas-de-arnm-un-mensaje-de-esperanza-152632?fbclid=IwAR1tw2HoPDMnOSk-SyKlAGyHnbSiL7EWKmnp-dHHH52cpdAzUezYEwyXyYQ)

3.  Imagen: Creador: Klubovy | Imagen propiedad de: Getty Images

Copyright: Klubovy"

A girl I work with had two strokes after getting a flue shot.  Has any one else heard of this?


"My anti-vax aunt just posted [this list](http://www.scribd.com/doc/220807175/86-Research-Papers-Supporting-the-Vaccine-Autism-Link).

 Has anyone seen this before? It seems pretty fishy, especially given that it only consists of the abstracts for these supposed papers."
So a nurse friend of mine is antivax(idk how she gets a job). She posted some cdc vs icandecide supreme court case. I'm trying to find formation about the case but cant find anything online except for what she provided. Apparently the ruling was that the cdc doesnt have any proof that vaccines did not cause autism. Any help or clarification?
















"http://imgur.com/oAWuM0b

This is quite an exchange!  One guy claims the flu shot gave him the flu.  Someone else links him credible source that you can't get the flu from the flu shot.  First guy doesn't seem to quite get it."











"Did you know that actors like ""Robert Deniro"" or ""Jim Carrey"" are demanding an investigation about vaccines and the autism epidemic in the USA?

The Untold Story About Vaccines... especially if you have kids or grand kids under the age of 5. Would Doctors still continue vaccinating babies if they knew this data?

More than 60 doctors, scientists, and researchers join together to give you the complete information no one is telling you about vaccines. Question like: Do vaccines cause autism or brain damage? Are so many vaccines necessary? What are the benefits and risks?

This is the great health “controversy” of the 21st century and every single mother, expectant parent, physician, nurse, medical researcher, representative of the media, elected official, school administrator and concerned citizen should watch and share this Free Online Event.

http://www.primal.es/vaccines.html
"










"It stemmed from an article published by Dr. Andrew Wakefield and his colleagues back in the 1998 in the UK.

In the study, Wakefield looked at 12 children with gastrointestinal issues also had neurological deficits. Eight of those children received the MMR vaccine. He concluded the article saying they couldn't prove a connection between the MMR vaccine and the gastrointestinal issues because the evidence is inadequate. Nowhere in the article he said there was a link between autism and the vaccine, until Wakefield claimed that it did in a press conferences.

His article was published in *the Lancet*, a well-known medicinal journal, and he was known to be a prestigious and highly regarded doctor( he's the doctor who identify the cause of Crohn's disease), so when the public heard of the vaccine-autism link, the public ate it up, fear arose, and vaccination rates dropped.

The article and his claims are farfetch once you look at the detail. First, the size of his studies was too small, only 12 children, making any connection seem statistically significant. There was only a few variables were studies and according to him, those 12 children exhibited forms of autism (the symptoms were not akin to autism). Not only that, his study didn't have the Ethical Practice Committee approve the study, which is necessary to ensure that the research doesn't harm its participants.

What's worse it that it was discovered after much denial that Wakefield was being funded $800,000 by a personal injury lawyer named Richard Barr, who needed evidence that autism was caused by vaccine for cases of parents of autistic children who were suing pharmaceutical companies for compensation. Five of the 12 children were even clients of Barr. Wakefield's collaborators didn't even know about the money and were furious enough to retract their names for the study. But Wakefield had another motive. He advocated that vaccines need to be safe and tells the public that the current MMR vaccine isn't safe. Prior to his study, he was applying for a vaccine patent, he wanted to make his own MMR vaccine and wanted to get rid of the completion.

Wakefield had his medical license evoked in 2005. This should have been the end of the myth, but sadly no. He moved to the USA and is still highly regarded by people. Now his MMR and autism phase is dying down, but his new topic takes the spotlight, mercury in vaccines."

"&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/x1zr9qxkeie31.png?width=597&format=png&auto=webp&s=c1cf44bdac7cb6709f564e335607e29445f7ee70

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/39k74geueie31.png?width=557&format=png&auto=webp&s=9da0ea22b7761f94bda08626345d208b0cd3c272

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/tyao7ypveie31.png?width=593&format=png&auto=webp&s=16ba5eecad3b33c5ea0a4e92a7774272c46d31cc

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/1p7sf4qweie31.png?width=586&format=png&auto=webp&s=e3d8874c19c22d7bf670219bb39001915c0cc3d4"





















"&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/mr1ba23vx4961.png?width=500&format=png&auto=webp&s=1a5cbeade983b7978c7136b7fdbc608898c2b278"



"Ok so a worker at my work took the vaccine. After she went back home she was trying to do the magnetic spoons and stuff for just fun.

 She never believed the myths but wanted to do it for the laughs. At some point she tried to put a coin behind her palm and the coin would get magnetized to her hand. She said it felt like placing a magnet on a fridge where you feel the magnetic pulse attracting the magnet. It wasn't strong but she felt it. After an hour it stopped working.

Does anyone know how that could be possible? I don't believe in the myths either but I believe it was something else that she didn't notice but what could it possibly be? 

I say again she never believed in the vaccine myths and still doesn't but that hand thing surprised her good. She said she recorded it but I haven't watched the footage yet. She is not the type to ever troll. She is serious."
"Hi guys! I was wondering if you could help me out with my research project! It would really help me out if you could take the time to fill it out.

Here's the link:

[https://goo.gl/forms/p8m8y3rZjOOuxWnE3](https://goo.gl/forms/p8m8y3rZjOOuxWnE3)"
"Vaccinated people live long enough to be adults and adults are meanies

Signed by:
Three 8 year olds in a Trenchcoat"





My wonderful daughter hailey got what seems like autism from vaccines she got! 1 vaccine made her autistic and the doctor lied to us saying she wouldn’t become autistic. we are now curing her autism with essential oils like lavender and using crystals to purify her mind and spirit

"Vaccines have a huge side effect, vaccines are shots filled with heavy metals that will cause this side effect which is







It allows me to grow to a adult."


Everyone on this sub that's not here for a joke are retarded. Like, sorry that I had to say it, but how dumb do you have to be to not want your child to live? Are you actually that intellectually challenged? Your child needs to suffer due to you having some problem with a medical shot that is known to prevent disease. Well,survival of the god damn fittest, when my kid is eating the food your kid could've eaten if they were in a family that relies on facts and evidence instead of phony "studies", I'll be laughing my ass off.
So if your telling me that vaccines are bad then why does the government still say we should get them why do some schools require them why would they lie there is no point. The thing is they don’t like they are good vaccines are deeply tested and researched and it Can take some times 15 years for the vaccinations to reach the public. So if they hurt then your telling me all that research and testing was wrong and your stupid essential oils is right. Just one more question would you rather have you kid die of polio or have autism 




"Can't wait to see your disqualificarion of this truth on all the usual websites. 

If vaccines are so safe and effective why does the industry need to tell lies? The local news just advertised 1 in 4 measles patients needs to be hospitalized... 

According to

https://www.autism-watch.org/news/lancet.shtml

In 2004, ten of the study's authors issued a ""retraction"" which stated: ""We wish to make it clear that in this paper no causal link was established between MMR vaccine and autism as the data were insufficient.""

So just how different is that from the studies conclusion? See for yourself - 

""We did not prove an association between measles, mumps, and rubella vaccine and the syndrome described. Virological studies are underway that may help to resolve this issue.

If there is a causal link between measles, mumps, and rubella vaccine and this syndrome, a rising incidence might be anticipated after the introduction of this vaccine in the UK in 1988...


....We have identified a chronic enterocolitis in children that may be related to neuropsychiatric dysfunction. In most cases, onset of symptoms was after measles, mumps, and rubella immunisation. Further investigations are needed to examine this syndrome and its possible relation to this vaccine.""

Isn't the 2004 ""retraction"" Saying the same thing as the study? Nothing was proved. 

The study was published in 1998.. It was retracted a very long time later. Why did it take so long? 

Some of the claims of fraudulent activities aim at Dr. Wakefield's payment to be a witness or a supposed link to an application for a vaccine patent. 
Have you seen how much money Dr Offit and Plotkin make from all the vaccines. They have the patent on the R in MMR yet they are often called as witness against Dr Wakefield or give expert witness for a news report. 
These two are part of the vaccine club, they are luteal millionaires as a result of vaccines and if Dr Wakefield's credibility is questioned over a 55 thousand pound payment and possible vaccine patent how much more should these other two be muted."
"The harsh reality is that particular countries choose not the most effective vaccine, bu the available one.Russia cannot confirm the high quality, efficiency and safety of Sputnik V using an independent scientific investigation  
[https://defendingthetruth.com/threads/waiting-for-vaccine.127458/](https://defendingthetruth.com/threads/waiting-for-vaccine.127458/)"


"My mom is EXTREMELY anti-vax, and swears that she will never let me get any as long as she lives. Whenever I bring up the topic she will cherry pick articles from the internet showing that vaccines cause autism and brain damage. I can’t reason with her because she believes everything pro-vaccine is from the government and pharmaceutical companies. Unfortunately, I get the flu every year and got chicken pox last year. I would definitely like to stay on the safe and get at least some vaccinations, what should I do? I am 15, can I legally get vaccines without parental consent?


"


"I often see rebuttals created that are often hostile or attack ad hominem rather than their specific claims, something I believe we should avoid. We shouldn't stoop to their level, they can call us shills or indoctrinated sheep, but that should not affect our argument. We should have clear, evidenced rebuttals that address all aspects of the claim. Topics may include

* Mercury
* Mercury specifically in children
* Autism
* SIDS
* Herd immunity
* Resurgence of nearly extinct polio
* et al


This should be a good starting point, but we should expand on certain topics. 

This will provide a good, standardized systematic way of combating their concerns and doubts. If they refuse our facts and evidence and still remain convinced of their pseudoscience, we need a canned as well to explain how *not* vaccinating can hurt others."


"My ex-wife is a strident anti-vaxxer, while I am pro-vaccination. Our children, aged 10 and 12, are not vaccinated.

I’m trying to get info from anti-vaxxers in order to prepare myself for an upcoming discussion/argument about whether or not to vaccinate our children as mandated by the state so that they can enroll in school. (as opposed to having her home-school them, or having her make good on her threats to move to another state with the kids if the current law is not repealed).

My main question: the majority of anti-vaccine arguments I've read revolve around increased risks for infant autism, and around adverse reactions in children under 3 years old. I would like to know what are the main reasons put forth by the anti-vax community regarding keeping older children from getting vaccinated?"




"The data shows that more than 20 millions people have taken the first dose. 
After how many people takes the vaccine will the pandemic starts to slow down? Any data or thoughts?"


"From:

[https://childrenshealthdefense.org/news/heres-why-bill-gates-wants-indemnity-are-you-willing-to-take-the-risk/](https://childrenshealthdefense.org/news/heres-why-bill-gates-wants-indemnity-are-you-willing-to-take-the-risk/)

&#x200B;

Why are the world’s top vaccine promoters, like Paul Offit and Peter Hotez, frantically warning us about the unique and frightening dangers inherent in developing a coronavirus vaccine?

Scientists first attempted to [develop coronavirus vaccines](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22536382) after China’s 2002 SARS-CoV outbreak. Teams of US & foreign scientists vaccinated animals with the four most promising vaccines. At first, the experiment seemed successful as all the animals developed a robust antibody response to coronavirus. However, when the scientists exposed the vaccinated animals to the wild virus, the results were horrifying. Vaccinated animals [suffered hyper-immune responses](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22536382) including inflammation throughout their bodies, especially in their lungs. Researchers had seen this same “enhanced immune response” during human testing of the [failed RSV vaccine tests](https://cvi.asm.org/content/23/3/189) in the 1960s. [Two children died](https://cvi.asm.org/content/23/3/189).

In this video footage, Offit, Hotez and even Anthony Fauci (in an unguarded moment), warn that any new coronavirus vaccine could trigger lethal immune reactions “vaccine enhancement” when vaccinated people come in contact with the wild virus. Instead of proceeding with caution, Fauci has made the reckless choice to [fast track](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20200316005666/en/Moderna-Announces-Participant-Dosed-NIH-led-Phase-1) vaccines, partially [funded by Gates](https://www.kiro7.com/news/local/bill-gates-says-foundation-will-invest-billions-fight-stop-covid-19/MMAFTSVGKZHPTEGYKEQKMRWTWU/), without critical [animal studies](https://www.statnews.com/2020/03/11/researchers-rush-to-start-moderna-coronavirus-vaccine-trial-without-usual-animal-testing/) before moving into human clinical trials that could provide early warning of runaway immune response.

Gates (in the video) is so worried about the danger of adverse events that he says vaccines shouldn’t be distributed until governments [agree to indemnity](https://www.cnbc.com/video/2020/04/09/watch-cnbcs-full-interview-with-microsoft-co-founder-bill-gates-on-past-pandemic-warnings.html?__source=iosappshare%7Ccom.apple.UIKit.activity.Mail&fbclid=IwAR0RG79OtbdXUpY_ylULT6sY_Xo5D-cBQ0awSo6vGS19VnLGqB9z)against lawsuits. On February 4, 2020, according to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) [website](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/cases-updates/cases-in-us.html), there were only [11 active CV cases](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/cases-updates/cases-in-us.html) in the USA, yet the U.S. quietly pushed through [Federal regulations](https://www.phe.gov/Preparedness/legal/prepact/Pages/COVID19.aspx) giving coronavirus vaccine makers full immunity from liability.

&#x200B;

""..."""





"I want to be humble and open minded and I'm skeptical.
I'm asking in this place bc I don't know where to start.
First of all I have 2 boys one is 6 (I stopped following the schedule of vaccination) the other is 6 months (never vaccinated).
Please excuse my English.
BEFORE you jump with your outraged let me clarify why I'm doing this PERHAPS I'm wrong, people won't realized many ""anti-vaxxers"" are just normal parents unsure of what is the right thing to do and they just don't trust institution for good reasons but  all of them are being ridiculized with memes for example, this type of behavior reminds me discussions from circumcised people (supposedly an advantageous practice) fluoride in the water (recently scientifically proven to reduce iq in children), the supposed benefits of Masturbation and porn consumption when I personally have a life changing experience with NOFAP while when you Google Masturbation first page shows articles from the Huffpos, Bustler etc..about the wonders of said habit.

Add this my own personal experience and people I know irl, in my quest for knowledge I found my own vaccination schedule, I got 27 vaccines before I was 18! Mumps, chicken pox, measles included, ironically I got these 3 diseases anyway, mumps at 6, chicken pox at 19 measles at 9-10.

Even worst I'm autistic irl something I'm not proud of (I live in perpetual embarrassment) this only adds more sceptisim honestly I wanted to learn from ""both sides"" but most ""pro-vaccination"" people seems to be unconcerned individuals who only enjoy making jokes and memes about the whole subject I use to be like that until the day I was a father, I have no doubts there are people working to improve the world but let's not forget sometimes science takes a while to catch on maybe they just don't know any better the bad news pharmaceutical companies do have motives to promote vaccination just check the cost of each unit your government have to pay."


So my 2 month old niece has been in the hospital for over a week with whooping cough. She obviously hasn't gotten vaccinated but the only people she has been around have been, everyone and she hadn't been out her home since she left the hospital after being born. So if everyone around her got the vaccine why did she get it?






"

I think this guy is probably doing these ""unvaccinated undesirables"" a favor by staying away from them.  Nobody likes a pretentious douchebag, especially one that doesn't really understand how vaccines work.  

Don't worry about the down votes, I'm un subscribing to this sub anyway.  I realize reddit is a pro vaccine community but you guys aren't even bothering to try to back up your position, you just automatically condemn anyone who doesn't think just like you.  It's wrong and if what you're really worried about is children going unvaccinated, you've done nothing but convince these people that they're doing the right thing because you're nothing but a bunch of haters.  How would you know if a child was unvaccinated unless the parents told you?

Peace out and haters to the left."
